Now that we can talk about the sides of a right triangle using words like opposite,
adjacent and hypotenuse, I want to talk about the ratios of those sides.
The trigonometric ratios we're going to discuss are called sine, cosine and tangent.
And the sine of an angle, well,
that's the ratio of the opposite to the hypotenuse,
and it's abbreviated "sin".
The cosine of an angle is the ratio of the adjacent to the hypotenuse,
and it's abbreviated "cos".
Finally, the tangent of an angle is the ratio of the opposite to the adjacent.
And to make this all a little more clear,
let's just go back to our 53.13 degree triangle.
And in this triangle, the sides have lengths;
the ratios three, four and five.
So if I want to calculate the sine of 53.13 degrees,
I need to find the opposite and divide that by the hypotenuse.
So in this case, that would be four over five,
which means the sine of 53.13 degrees is four over five.
Can you tell me the cosine and tangent of 53.13 degrees?